
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>
## Collectorset Controller Helm chart Values Schema
Collectorset Controller Helm chart Values Schema
| Path | Title | Description |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| .collectorset-controller.nodeSelector | The nodeSelector schema | NodeSelector is a selector which must be true for the pod to fit on a node. Selector which must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ |<br>| .collectorset-controller.annotations | The annotations schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.ignoreSSL | The ignoreSSL schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.priorityClassName | The priorityClassName schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.accessKey | The accessKey schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.nameOverride | The nameOverride schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.affinity | The affinity schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.labels | The labels schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.enabled | %!s(<nil>) | Defined for umbrella chart but unused here. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.accessID | The accessID schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.account | The account schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.fullnameOverride | The fullnameOverride schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.collectorsetServiceNameSuffix | %!s(<nil>) | Suffix to be added to .Release.name to generate Collectorset controller service name.
Keep it empty while installing this chart individually, umbrella chart uses this to generate unique name across |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> ImagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this PodSpec. If specified, these secrets will be passed to individual puller implementations for them to use. For example, in the case of docker, only DockerConfig type secrets are honored. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod<br>
## The image schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.image.pullPolicy | pullPolicy | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.image.registry | The registry schema | Container Image Registry |<br>
## The proxy schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.proxy.url | The url schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.proxy.user | The user schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.global.proxy.pass | The pass schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The rbac schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.rbac.create | The create schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The serviceAccount schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.serviceAccount.create | The create schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The proxy schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.proxy.url | The url schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.proxy.user | The user schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.proxy.pass | The pass schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The tolerations schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> ImagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this PodSpec. If specified, these secrets will be passed to individual puller implementations for them to use. For example, in the case of docker, only DockerConfig type secrets are honored. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> The container probe configuration schema<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.enabled | %!s(<nil>) | Enables container probes |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.startup.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the argus startup |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.startup.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.liveness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the argus startup |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.liveness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.readiness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the argus startup |<br>| .collectorset-controller.probe.readiness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## The log schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.log.level | The level schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The image schema<br> An explanation about the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .collectorset-controller.image.registry | The registry schema | Container Image Registry |<br>| .collectorset-controller.image.repository | The repository schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.image.pullPolicy | The pullPolicy schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .collectorset-controller.image.tag | The tag schema | An explanation about the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## Argus Helm Chart Configuration Schema<br> The Argus Helm Chart Configuration Schema<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.nameOverride | The nameOverride schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.accessKey | Logicmonitor API Token accessKey | The LogicMonitor API key.
NOTE: Ensure to add surrounding double quotes to avoid special character parsing errors. |<br>| .argus.account | Logicmonitor account name | The LogicMonitor account name.nValue should be trimmed from URL "___.logicmonitor.com"
example: lmqauat.logicmonitor.com then "lmqauat" must be a valid value. |<br>| .argus.replicas | The replicas schema | Argus Pod Replicas - defaults to 1, parameter is just for development purpose, do not increase more than one replicas in production |<br>| .argus.resourceContainerID | The resourceContainerID schema | You must use the resourceContainerID when you install Argus as a non-admin user. 
The resourceContainerID is a parent resource group id that holds all cluster resources under it. |<br>| .argus.fullnameOverride | The fullnameOverride schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.clusterName | Friendly Cluster Name | The unique name to give to the cluster's resource group.
NOTE: You must not change the name once the application is deployed in the cluster. If changed, breaks correlation at multiple places
example: Organised Resource group name of Kubernetes resource tree, is generated as "Kubernetes Cluster: <clusterName>" |<br>| .argus.clusterTreeParentID | The clusterTreeParentID | clusterTreeParentID is a parent static resource group ID under which the organised Kubernetes resource tree gets created.
A static resource group with the mentioned ID should exit beforehand. |<br>| .argus.priorityClassName | priorityClassName | The priority class name for Pod priority. If the priorityClassName parameter is enabled, then PriorityClass resource is created, or the Pod is rejected. |<br>| .argus.annotations | The Argus extra annotations schema | Annotations to apply on all objects created by Argus. Annotations is an unstructured key value map stored with a resource that may be set by external tools to store and retrieve arbitrary metadata. They are not queryable and should be preserved when modifying objects. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/annotations |<br>| .argus.etcdDiscoveryToken | The ETCD DiscoveryToken Schema | The ETCD DiscoveryToken. |<br>| .argus.enabled | %!s(<nil>) | Defined for umbrella chart but unused here. |<br>| .argus.accessID | Logicmonitor API Token accessID | The LogicMonitor API key ID.
NOTE: Ensure to add surrounding double quotes to avoid special character parsing errors. |<br>| .argus.affinity | affinity | Affinity allows you to constrain which nodes your pod is eligible to be scheduled on. |<br>| .argus.labels | The Argus extra labels schema | Labels to apply on all objects created by Argus. Map of string keys and values that can be used to organize and categorize (scope and select) objects. May match selectors of replication controllers and services. More info: http://kubernetes.io/docs/user-guide/labels |<br>| .argus.kube-state-metrics | %!s(<nil>) | %!s(<nil>) |<br>| .argus.nodeSelector | nodeSelector | NodeSelector is a selector, which must be set to true for the pod to fit on a node. The selector must match the node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ |<br>| .argus.ignoreSSL | The ignoreSSL Schema | Set flag to ignore ssl/tls validation. |<br>
## Argus Docker Image Schema<br> The image contains the Argus docker image details.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.image.registry | Argus Image Registry Schema | The Docker Registry from which Argus image is pulled.
defaults to empty value. |<br>| .argus.image.repository | Argus Image Repository Schema | The Docker Repository Name for Argus Image |<br>| .argus.image.pullPolicy | The Argus pullPolicy Schema | Overrides the image pullPolicy.
Defaults to "Always". |<br>| .argus.image.tag | The Argus Image tag schema | The Argus Docker Image Tag.
Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |<br>
## The proxy schema<br> The Http/s proxy for Argus<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.proxy.url | The Proxy Server URL Schema | The Proxy Server's URL |<br>| .argus.proxy.user | The Proxy Server's User schema | User for the Proxy Server. |<br>| .argus.proxy.pass | The Proxy Server's Password schema | Password for the Proxy Server |<br>
## The Argus Daemon configurations Schema<br> The Argus Daemon configurations.<br>
## The LM Resource sweeper configurations Schema<br> The LM Resource sweeper configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.daemons.lmResourceSweeper.interval | The LogicMonitor Resource sweeper Interval Schema | The LogicMonitor Resource sweeper Run Interval Duration. |<br>
## The Cache Sync using LogicMonitor resources configurations Schema<br> The Cache Sync using LogicMonitor resources configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.daemons.lmCacheSync.interval | The Cache Sync using LogicMonitor resources Interval Schema | The Cache Sync using LogicMonitor resources Run Interval Duration. |<br>
## The Worker configurations Schema<br> The Worker configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.daemons.worker.poolSize | The Worker poolSize schema | The number of workers in a pool. |<br>
## The Kubernetes watcher configurations Schema<br> The Kubernetes watcher configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.daemons.watcher.bulkSyncInterval | bulkSyncInterval | The Bulk Discovery Run Interval Duration. |<br>| .argus.daemons.watcher.sysIpsWaitTimeout | The sysIpsWaitTimeout schema | The sysIpsWaitTimeout is a timout for argus to wait till Logicmonitor portal copies system.hostname value into system.ips for updated IP of resource |<br>
## The runner configurations schema<br> The configurations for parallel runners to process watcher events.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.daemons.watcher.runner.poolSize | The Runner poolSize schema | The number runners in a pool. |<br>| .argus.daemons.watcher.runner.backPressureQueueSizePerRunner | The Number of events to queue per runner schema | The number of events to queue per runner. |<br>
## The Logicmonitor Portal Configurations<br> The settings or configurations which reflect on LogicMonitor portal.<br>
## The LMLogs schema<br> The LogicMonitor Logs collection settings.<br>
## The Kubernetes Events schema<br> The Kubernetes Events collection configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.lm.lmlogs.k8sevent.enable | The enable schema | Once you enable the property, it starts collecting Kuberentes events. |<br>
## The k8spodlog schema.<br> Kubernetes Pod Logs collection configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.lm.lmlogs.k8spodlog.enable | The enable schema | Once you enable the property, it starts Kuberentes Pod's logs collection |<br>
## The resource schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.lm.resource.globalDeleteAfterDuration | The globalDeleteAfterDuration schema | Global scheduled delete duration to delete resources after, values must be in ISO8601 format |<br>
## The alerting schema<br> Alerting settings to apply to resource groups.
Only cluster scoped resources are valid here.
 If any Namespace scoped resources are set, then the namespance resources will get ignored.<br>
## The disable schema<br> Set of resources to set disable upon resource groups.
Only cluster scoped resources are valid here.
If any Namespace scoped resources are set, then the namespance resources will get ignored.<br>
## The resourceGroup schema<br> Resource Group Settings<br>
## The extraProps schema<br> Extra properties to add upon resource groups, only cluster scoped resources are valid, for others resources use namespace labels<br>
## The cluster schema<br> Properties to apply upon cluster tree root resource group.<br>
## Properties to apply upon Nodes resource group.<br> <br>
## The etcd schema<br> Properties to apply upon ETCD resource group.<br>
## The filters schema<br> Set of filter rules to exclude from adding into LogicMonitor.<br>
## The collector schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.size | The size schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.useEA | The useEA schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.annotations | The annotations schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.replicas | The replicas schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.version | The version schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.labels | The labels schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The proxy schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.proxy.url | The url schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.proxy.user | The user schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.proxy.pass | The pass schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> The collector StatefulSet specification for customizations<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.restartPolicy | %!s(<nil>) | Restart policy for all containers within the pod. One of Always, OnFailure, Never. Set the default value to Always. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#restart-policy |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.dnsPolicy | %!s(<nil>) | Set DNS policy for the pod. Defaults to "ClusterFirst". Valid values are 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet', 'ClusterFirst', 'Default' or 'None'. DNS parameters given in DNSConfig will be merged with the policy selected with DNSPolicy. To have DNS options set along with hostNetwork, you have to specify DNS policy explicitly to 'ClusterFirstWithHostNet'. |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.nodeSelector | %!s(<nil>) | NodeSelector is a selector, which you must set to true for the pod to fit on a node. The selector must match a node's labels for the pod to be scheduled on that node. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/ |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.priority | %!s(<nil>) | The priority value. Various system components use the property value field to find the priority of the pod. When Priority Admission Controller is enabled, it prevents users from setting this field. The Admission Controller populates this field from PriorityClassName. The higher the value, the higher the priority. |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.priorityClassName | %!s(<nil>) | If specified, indicates the pod's priority. "system-node-critical" and "system-cluster-critical" are two special keywords that indicate the highest priorities with the former being the highest priority. Any other name must be defined while creating a PriorityClass object with that name. If not specified, the pod priority will be default or zero if there is no default. |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.schedulerName | %!s(<nil>) | If specified, the pod will be dispatched by specified scheduler. If not specified, the pod will be dispatched by default scheduler. |<br>| .argus.collector.statefulsetSpec.template.spec.nodeName | %!s(<nil>) | NodeName is a request to schedule this pod onto a specific node. If it is non-empty, the scheduler simply schedules this pod onto that node, assuming that it fits resource requirements. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> HostAliases is an optional list of hosts and IPs that will be injected into the pod's hosts file if specified. This is only valid for non-hostNetwork pods.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> PodDNSConfig defines the DNS parameters of a pod in addition to those generated from DNSPolicy.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> A list of DNS search domains for host-name lookup. This will be appended to the base search paths generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated search paths will be removed.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> A list of DNS name server IP addresses. This will be appended to the base nameservers generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated nameservers will be removed.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> A list of DNS resolver options. This will be merged with the base options generated from DNSPolicy. Duplicated entries will be removed. Resolution options given in Options will override those that appear in the base DNSPolicy.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> List of volumes that can be mounted by containers belonging to the pod. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> The container probe configuration schema.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.enabled | %!s(<nil>) | Enables container probes. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.startup.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the Argus startup. |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.startup.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.liveness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the argus startup |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.liveness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.readiness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the Argus startup |<br>| .argus.collector.probe.readiness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## The image schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.image.registry | The registry schema | Container Image Registry |<br>| .argus.collector.image.repository | The repository schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.image.tag | The tag schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.image.pullPolicy | The pullPolicy schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The lm schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collector.lm.groupID | The groupID schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>| .argus.collector.lm.escalationChainID | The escalationChainID schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.global.collectorsetServiceNameSuffix | %!s(<nil>) | Suffix to be added to .Release.name to generate Collectorset controller service URL.
Keep it empty while installing this chart individually, umbrella chart uses this to generate unique name across. |<br>| .argus.global.accessID | Logicmonitor API Token accessID | The LogicMonitor API key ID.
NOTE: Ensure to add surrounding double quotes to avoid special character parsing errors. |<br>| .argus.global.accessKey | Logicmonitor API Token accessKey | The LogicMonitor API key.
NOTE: Ensure to add surrounding double quotes to avoid special character parsing errors. |<br>| .argus.global.account | Logicmonitor account name | The LogicMonitor account name.nValue should be trimmed from URL "___.logicmonitor.com"
example: lmqauat.logicmonitor.com then "lmqauat" must be a valid value. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> ImagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this PodSpec. If specified, these secrets will be passed to individual puller implementations for them to use. For example, in the case of docker, only DockerConfig type secrets are honored. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod<br>
## The image schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.global.image.registry | The registry schema | Container Image Registry. |<br>| .argus.global.image.pullPolicy | pullPolicy | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |<br>
## proxy<br> Http/s proxy<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.global.proxy.url | url | Proxy service endpoint. |<br>| .argus.global.proxy.user | The user schema | User for Proxy service. |<br>| .argus.global.proxy.pass | pass | Password for the Proxy service. |<br>
## Log<br> The Argus Log Configurations Schema<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.log.level | The Log Level for Argus Schema | The Log Level for Argus |<br>
## The monitoring schema<br> The Monitoring settings<br>
## The disable schema<br> Set of resource names to disable monitoring for.<br>
## The collectorsetcontroller schema<br> The Collectorset-Controller Configurations<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.collectorsetcontroller.address | The CollectorsetController Address Schema | The Collectorset-controller grpc service address |<br>| .argus.collectorsetcontroller.port | port | The Collectorset-controller grpc service port |<br>
## The rbac schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.rbac.create | The create schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## The serviceAccount schema<br> Describes the purpose of this instance.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.serviceAccount.create | The create schema | Describes the purpose of this instance. |<br>
## tolerations<br> tolerations are applied to pods, and allow the pods to schedule onto nodes with matching taints.<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> ImagePullSecrets is an optional list of references to secrets in the same namespace to use for pulling any of the images used by this PodSpec. If specified, these secrets will be passed to individual puller implementations for them to use. For example, in the case of docker, only DockerConfig type secrets are honored. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images#specifying-imagepullsecrets-on-a-pod<br>
## The Argus resource limits schema<br> The Argus pod resource limits<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.resources.limits | %!s(<nil>) | Limits describes the maximum amount of compute resources allowed. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/ |<br>| .argus.resources.requests | %!s(<nil>) | Requests describes the minimum amount of compute resources required. If Requests is omitted for a container, it defaults to Limits if that is explicitly specified, otherwise to an implementation-defined value. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/ |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> The container probe configuration schema<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.probe.enabled | %!s(<nil>) | Enables container probes. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.probe.startup.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the Argus startup. |<br>| .argus.probe.startup.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.probe.liveness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the Argus startup |<br>| .argus.probe.liveness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## %!s(<nil>)<br> %!s(<nil>)<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.probe.readiness.failureThreshold | %!s(<nil>) | The failureThreshold is maximum count before marking container start failed, typically collector installation time affects the Argus startup |<br>| .argus.probe.readiness.periodSeconds | %!s(<nil>) | How often (in seconds) to perform the probe. Default to 10 seconds. Minimum value is 1. |<br>
## The debug schema<br> The Application debugging configurations.<br>
## The profiling schema<br> Profile generation configurations.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.debug.profiling.enable | The enable schema | Once the property is set to true, it starts application profile generations. |<br>
## The selfMonitor schema<br> Configurations to expose self monitor metrics in Openmetrics format.<br>| Path | Title | Description |<br>| :---- | :---- | :---- |<br>| .argus.selfMonitor.enable | The enable schema | Once the property is enabled, self monitor metrics are displayed.  |<br>| .argus.selfMonitor.port | The port schema | port number to expose self monitor "/metrics" endpoint |<br>{}
